---
layout: post
metaTitle: "Tally Mobile App - Biz Analyst | iOS App Release 1.5.2"
title: "iOS Release 1.5.2 / 1.5.3"
date: 2017-10-11 16:25:06 +0530
description: "Biz Analyst (Tally on mobile app) iOS version 1.5.2 / 1.5.3 adds printing reports, settings to change financial year, default date on app startup, currency format, etc"
imagefeature: "https://bizanalyst.in/assets/img/logo/logo-white-30x30.png"
comments: false
---

### Print reports
A couple of releases back we had introduced sharing of various reports by PDF and Excel. One of the popular requests we have received is also to be able to print those reports to printer directly. We are excited to bring that change to you in this release.


### Settings
- PDF Preview before sharing
  * Currently, while sharing PDF reports, Biz Analyst directly shares the PDF with the specified application without showing a preview. We have now added a setting (Settings -> Share -> PDF Preview) that shows you a preview of the PDF file that you are about to share.
- Default Date
  * Currently, when the app opens we show the default date as this year. We have now added a setting to change that to 'Today', 'This Week', 'This Month', 'This Quarter', 'This Year' as suitable for your business.
  * Change the default date from 'Settings -> Date Settings -> Default Date'
- Financial Year
  * For our international customers who do not follow the Apr-Mar financial year, we have added a setting in (Settings -> Date Settings -> Financial Year) to change the financial year from Jan-Dec.
- Currency Format
  * We have another setting for our customers outside India, where you can change the format of currency from Indian (Crores, Lakhs, etc) to International (Billions, Millions, etc).
  * Change this setting from 'Settings -> Currency Format'


### Permissions by voucher type
- In this release, we introduce adding permission by voucher type for each. By default, users will have access to all voucher types. If you give a particular user only permission to sales voucher type, then that user will not be able to see the details of any other voucher type except sales.


### Miscellaneous
- While sharing credit note, we showed the quantity and amount as -ve. We have fixed that now.
- Now you view the voucher reference number in daybook for purchase vouchers and also search by it.
- View the customer pin code in customer info.
- Title names on all screens are now scrollable so that you can view the entire name
- Minor bug fixes


- If you have any requests/suggestions please use the report issue feature in the app or send us an email at contact@siliconveins.com

{: .text-center}
[UPDATE iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/biz-analyst/id1164789740){: .ghost-btn}

