---
layout: post
metaTitle: "Tally Mobile App - Biz Analyst | iOS App Release 1.5.0"
title: "Biz Analyst (Tally Mobile App) - iOS Release 1.5.0"
date: 2017-09-12 16:25:06 +0530
description: "Biz Analyst (Tally on mobile app) iOS version 1.5.0 brings ability to share stock summary, sales, purchase, and other reports plus more exciting features"
imagefeature: "https://bizanalyst.in/assets/img/logo/logo-white-30x30.png"
comments: false
---

## Share reports by PDF and Excel
We bring sharing capabilities to a bunch of reports in this release as requested by lot of customers. This will enable sharing your data even more easier. You can now share the following reports using PDF and excel
- Sales / Purchase Reports by different filters and grouping
- Stock Item Summary
- Daybook
- Top Report
- Inactive Items
- Inactive Customers
- Party: Items Sold/Purchased

## Sales Order Reports
- Now you can view the pending purchase orders from the reports screen. This is similar to the pending sales orders report that is currently available.
- In Pending Sales Order, you can now filter the data by ledger group so you can easily follow up with with your ledgers by their appropriate group.


## Default Start Screen
- In this release, we bring the ability to change the default start screen of the app. This configuration can be done from 'More -> Settings -> Default Screen'. This feature will help overcome privacy concerns about opening the app while you are in a public space. Just set, the party list, item list or the reports list as the start screen and so that the high level summary in dashboard is not visible to other people in vicinity.

## Miscellaneous
- In Party and Item profiling screens, now the default time period is current year. You can change the period using the calendar icon.
- In Receivable/Payable, now you can do the ageing analysis for a single party similar to how it is currently done for a list of parties.
- View the current iOS app version of Biz Analyst in the app 'More' screen.
- View the net amount (taxable amount) of all sales/purchase/sales order/purchase order vouchers in the details screen
- Set bank details for sharing in PDF invoices (Settings -> Share -> Bank Details)
- View customer's average payment time in Receivables, Payables and Search Customer screens
- View the pending sales order for a party while viewing that party's profile
- View the party's GST number by clicking the 'i' icon in the party screen
- Minor bug fixes

{: .text-center}
[UPDATE iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/biz-analyst/id1164789740){: .ghost-btn}

