---
layout: post
metaTitle: "Tally Mobile App - Biz Analyst | iOS App Release 1.9.0"
title: "iOS Release 1.9.0"
date: 2018-02-28 16:25:06 +0530
description: "Biz Analyst (Tally on mobile app) iOS version 1.9.0"
imagefeature: "https://bizanalyst.in/assets/img/logo/logo-white-30x30.png"
comments: false
---

### Updates
- We have added a shortcut to change the company. Now click on the company name at the top on the dashboard to change the company.
- View the ledger report of any party directly from the outstanding screen of that party. From the dashboard, go to Receivable/Payable and select any party in the next screen. Click on three vertical dots at the top right and select Ledger Report.
- In this release, we introduced changes in filtering of outstanding report. Now you can filter the data by >30, >60, >90 days etc instead of 30-60, 60-90.
- View the Shipped By and Ship Doc number in Ledger Report


### Fixes & UI Improvements
- [FIXED] In some cases, outstanding and pending sales orders were not getting calculated on data update. We have redone this completely now.
- [FIXED] Bank name was not showing up in PDF of invoice, outstanding in certain cases
- [FIXED] GST Rate issue
- [FIXED] While sharing ledger report through PDF, sometimes Receipt was showing up in Debit instead of Credit
- [FIXED] Delivery note was showing negative value in daybook, we have fixed that
- [FIXED] Issue when the outstanding was showing twice in very rare cases.
- All amount values in ledger report are not rounded to 2 decimal places
- Performance improvements in loading the dashboard and sales screen.


If you have any requests/suggestions, please use the report issue feature in the app or send us an email at contact@siliconveins.com


{: .text-center}
[UPDATE iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/biz-analyst/id1164789740){: .ghost-btn}

