---
layout: post
metaTitle: "Tally Mobile App - Biz Analyst | iOS App Release 1.9.3"
title: "iOS Release 1.9.3"
date: 2018-03-09 16:25:06 +0530
description: "Biz Analyst (Tally on mobile app) iOS version 1.9.3"
imagefeature: "https://bizanalyst.in/assets/img/logo/logo-white-30x30.png"
comments: false
---

### Updates
 - Added party name in Bank Ledger Report Share.
 - Added FAQ in More Screen.
 - Added Ledger Group and Credit Day in customer info.
 - Added Order No. and Ref No. in order detail screen.
 - Added Credit Period and Credit Limit on outstanding detail screen.
 - Added description for permission's in User permisssion screen.
 - Added info button on User and User Permission screen.

### Fixes & UI Improvements
 - [FIXED] In Items --> Customer, sorting goes away after selecting customer and then coming back to the previous screen.
 - [FIXED] Receipt Note pdf share supplier's detail should be on top.
 - [FIXED] Ledger Report running balance showing wrong on search.
 - [FIXED] Ledger Report amount showing 0 as negative.
 - [FIXED] Pdf footer showing 'This is custom generated invoice' in each pdf.
 - [FIXED] Items -> Group search: Filter the group list by search and then select a group. On coming back to the previous screen the screen becomes blank.
 - [FIXED] Items -> Group/Category Search corrected an issue with stock values total for groups and categories.
 - [FIXED] Items -> Group/Category Filter by InStock showing group/category with 0 stock.


If you have any requests/suggestions, please use the report issue feature in the app or send us an email at contact@siliconveins.com


{: .text-center}
[UPDATE iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/biz-analyst/id1164789740){: .ghost-btn}

