---
layout: post
metaTitle: "Tally Mobile App - Biz Analyst | iOS App Release 2.2.2"
title: "iOS Release 2.2.2"
date: 2018-10-31 16:25:06 +0530
description: "Biz Analyst (Tally on mobile app) iOS version 2.2.2"
imagefeature: "https://bizanalyst.in/assets/img/logo/logo-white-30x30.png"
comments: false
---

### Screenwise permissions
- We are excited to bring a new feature where you can further restrict access to your salesperson by blocking access to certain screens. For example, if you wish that your salesperson should not see the dashboard, then you can turn that off.
- To enable this feature:
 1. Select the company first.
 2. Click on the 'More' tab at the bottom right and select 'Users'.
 3. Select the user whose permissions needs to be changed.
 4. Scroll down and see the 'Access by Screen' section. Click on it.
 5. Enable the switches for the screens for which you wish to give permissions.
 6. Click the button on the top right.
 7. Click 'Save' button at the bottom.
- What are you waiting for? Add your sales team to Biz Analyst right away and unlock the growth opportunities for your business.


### New Features
- Added custom days filter in Inactive Items & Inactive Customers. Now, you can view all your customers and items that are inactive from a specified date.
- While sharing Oustanding bills for a given ledger by PDF, we are now showing OnAccount bill details along with outstanding bills.
- Added filter by Voucher Types on Pending Sales/Purchase Order screen.
- Added support for POS transactions. (Need to update the desktop app to Version 2.3.8 and above and resync the data from desktop)


### Bug Fixes
- Cash Bank Balance & Ledger Report was showing incorrect values in certain cases.
- While sharing invoice, GST of certain ledgers like transport, etc was not included correctly in the invoice. We have fixed this issue with this release.
- Item quantity is now shown in international format (millions, billions) if it set in settings.
- Fixed an issue where some users were facing problems with reporting an issue from the app.


If you have any requests/suggestions, please use the report issue feature in the app or send us an email at contact@siliconveins.com


{: .text-center}
[UPDATE iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/biz-analyst/id1164789740){: .ghost-btn}

